📝 Fix query documentation (#471)
share/sharedb: docs/queries.md

A subscribe query acts similarly to a [fetch query](#fetch-query), except a subscribe query will update its own [`results`]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link api/query.md %}#results--array) in response to documents being [added]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link api/query.md %}#insert), [removed]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link api/query.md %}#remove) or [moved]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link api/query.md %}#move) (e.g. if the query is sorted).

{: .warn }

> A subscribe query will automatically subscribe any matched `Doc` instances, and they **cannot be unsubscribed**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A subscribed query will automatically caused any matched `Doc` instances to receive ops as if they were subscribed. The docs **cannot be unsubscribed individually**.
```
